Animal senario for Doggo,wolf,doge

stats
Leadership
Food Supplies
Territory(morale)
Stamina

Danger alert bar- the opposing race will take action towards you

human-
elf-


regular senarios(RS)

RS1.Your dog companion wants to go hunting...

background: Forest 
Rain-Leadership must be above 60%, more leadership bonus
Snow-Leadership must be above 70%, more leadership bonus
Drought- Food supplies gained is reduced
Fires- Food supplies gained is reduced
Night- Leadership must be above 55%
Daytime- more food gained

RS1.response
yes- Leadership+ stamnia- 
no- Food supplies- stamina+ 

RS1.respose (YES)
background: Forest 

You see some targets to hunt, Who will you go after?
(Swipe left,right,up,down)
left:rabbits(100% sucess rate)
right:deer(70% success rate, can increase to 100% if leader ship is high enough) 
up:human(50%, can increase to 100% if leadership is high enough)
down:bear(50% success rate, can increase to 100% if leadership is high enough)

RS1.respose (YES) left:rabbits
Success- increase food supplies slighly, increase territory slightly
"You slowly approach the rabbits and unleash your fangs in an instant"
fail - not possible

RS1.respose (YES) right:deer
Success - increase food supplies, increase territory
"You follow the deer with your ninja like stealth and unleash an ambush"
fail - decrease leadership, decrease territory
"The Deer noticed you and charges your way, It sent you and your companions flying"

RS1.respose (YES) up:human
Success- increase food supplies slightly, increase Territory greatly, increase danger alert bar for humans greatly
"You pretend to be hurt while your friends surround the perimeter, the humans approach you thinking it was 
free food while your companions launched a suprise attack targeting thier blind spots."
fail- Decreease leadership greatly, decrease territory greatly, decrease stamina greatly, increase danger bar for human slightly
"Despite your aggressive frontal assult, the humans attack back with weapons. 
Your companions didnt stand a chance. You are forced to retreat."
--------------------------
RS1.respose (YES)
background: city
(Swipe left,right,up,down)
left:squrrials (90% sucess rate, can increase to 100%)
right:pigeons(70% success rate, can increase to 100% if leader ship is high enough) 
up:regular human(50%, can increase to 100% if leadership is high enough)
down:city patrol hunters(10% success rate, can increase to 50% if leadership is high enough)

RS1.respose (YES) left:squrrials
Success- increase food supplies, increase territory
"Your gang threw nuts in a dark alley while hiding in the shadows. 
The squrrials swarmed the dark alley but it was thier last snack."
fail- Decrease in leadership, decrease in territory
"The squrrials were too fast for you to catch up, they climbs on neary trees while throwing rocks at you.
Retreat is not an option, its a must."

RS1.respose (YES) right:pigeons
Success- increase food supplies, increase territory
"Your stealth is flawless. You unleashed your fangs at lightning speeds. The pigeons had no time to react."
fail- Decrease in leadership, decrease in territory
"The pigeons have noticed your presence. They flew above you and drop a bomb. You decided to retreat and clean up."

RS1.respose (YES) up:regular human
Success- increase food supplies, increase territory, increase danger alert bar for humans
"you and your companions are camping in a narrow alley. Any human being that walks through here were ambushed
by a pincer attack followed by a swift finish to their necks by your sharp fangs."

RS1.respose (YES) down:city patrol hunters
success- increase food supplies, increase territory, increase danger alert bar greatly for humans
"You have always fears these hunters but today you and your companions fought back with sharp knives and spike"
fail- decrease in everything greatly
"You decide to ambush the patrol guards, but they were heavily armed and your pack didnt stance a chance. Better retreat quick before your death is inevitable." 